# DBP3-markdown\
 ### We are group eight, doing The GoodYear Tire and Rubber Company. Goodyear is a very large company across the entire world, not just the United States. With this being said we will not include every single location or department they have we will stay focused on a few within each area. 
### To start we have eight different tables with attributes in each table. Our tables include Projects, Employees, Treasury, Departments, Locations, Projects, Benefits, and Customers.  We chose these as our main tables because they represent the business best as a whole. We covered our employees, customers, products and then we have attributes of each. In the project table we chose attributes of projectid, startdate, completiondate, employeeid, and customerid. For the Employee table we have employeeid, email, phone, and hiredate as the attributes. In treasury we have department, profits, employeeid, salary, and sales. From there we have the Departments table which list out all the different departments in our database. There is Accouting, Warehouse, Logistics, Treasury, Marketing, and production. Locations is the next table where we have LocationID followed by production, Warehousing, TireType, Profit, and ProductID. Follows that is our Prodcuts table. The prodcuts table includes ProductId (FK), CostToProduce, Materials, TireType, and Profit (FK). For the Benefits table we have EmployeeId, vacation time, SickDays, Salary (Fk). Lastly, is the Customers table. It includes CustomerIF ProductIF (FK), Reviews, and Purchase dates. That concludes the deep dipe of what are tables are and the attributes.
### We have many differnt types of Cardinalities in our ER diagram. When it comes to the Project table we are using a one to many relationship. That is because projects relates to the Employees table and the Customers table. So from that you can say it is using a maximum cardinality. When it comes to the Departments table we used a minimum Cardinality. That is because departments only relies on Locations. The binary tables would be Projects, Locations and Benefits.    
### For primary keys, we utilized a lot of "__ID" fields to identify the relations. For EmployeeID, we used it as a primary key for both the Benefits & Employees relations. We used it to identify Benefits since the relation is all about benefits depending on which employee is in question. Salary is the foreign key for the Benefits relation because it belongs in the Treasury relation, but it is also important to know when talking about an employee's full benefits. The foreign key for Employees is Sales since it is crucial to track sales for each Employee. For Products, we chose ProductID as the primary key, and Profit as the foreign key. Profit is the foreign key since it belongs in the Treasury relation, but it is essentially our main focus when talking about various products we sell. 
